#cat personalities will be orange, black, tabby, calico, tuxedo

def orange_cat_result():
  print("Congrats! You have an orange cat purrsonality. 
  There are only 2 types of orange cats: 
  a sweet wittle baby OR a chaotic monster with a single braincell.
  Fun fact: Gabby's orange cat is the latter :)")

def black_cat_result():
  print("Congrats! You have a black cat purrsonality. 
  Black cats are known to be intelligent, reserved and independent.
  Fun fact: Black cats are more resistant to diseases that other colored cats.")

def tabby_cat_result():
  print("Congrats! You have a tabby cat purrsonality. 
  Tabby cats are known to be outgoing, sociable and playful.")

def calico_cat_result():
  print("Congrats! You have a calico cat purrsonality.
  Calicos are known to be strong-willed and sassy.
  Fun fact: Calico cats are almost always female.")

def tuxedo_cat_result():
  print("Congrats! You have a tuxedo cat purrsonality. 
  Tuxedo cats are known to have ever changing personalities. 
  They're very dramatic, very crazy, but they're also crazy about their humans.")


Orange Cats:

Stereotype: Often associated with being outgoing and friendly.
Additional Traits:
Energetic: Orange cats are often portrayed as being playful and full of energy.
Affectionate: They may be depicted as loving attention and cuddles.
Adventurous: Known for their curiosity and love of exploration.
Black Cats:

Stereotype: Sometimes associated with superstitions, but also seen as elegant and mysterious.
Additional Traits:
Independent: Black cats may be perceived as having a strong sense of independence.
Loyal: Once they form a bond, they are fiercely loyal to their humans.
Intelligent: Often depicted as intelligent and resourceful.
Gray Cats:

Stereotype: Regal and sophisticated, with a touch of mystery.
Additional Traits:
Serene: Gray cats may be seen as calm and composed, even in chaotic situations.
Observant: Known for their keen senses and ability to observe their surroundings.
Graceful: Often portrayed as moving with elegance and poise.
Tuxedo Cats:

Stereotype: Dapper and distinguished, with a touch of mischief.
Additional Traits:
Charismatic: Tuxedo cats may have a charming and magnetic personality.
Playful: Known for their playful antics and love of games.
Social: They may enjoy the company of both humans and other pets.
Calico Cats:

Stereotype: Often associated with being unique and sassy.
Additional Traits:
Quirky: Calico cats may have quirky and endearing personality traits.
Vocal: Known for their expressive meows and communication skills.
Independent Thinkers: They may have a strong will and do things their own way.
These are just some ideas to add depth to your cat personalities based on their colors. Feel free to mix and match traits or come up with your own based on your observations and experiences with cats!
